[15:46] Srilatha Manam

Write a java program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. - using while loop
Write a java program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1). -    using while loop
Write a java program to print all alphabets from a to z. - using while loop
Write a java program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. - using while    loop
Write a java program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.
Write a java program to find sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to find sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to find sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to print multiplication table of any number.
Write a java program to count number of digits in a number.
Write a java program to find first and last digit of a number.
Write a java program to find sum of first and last digit of a number.
Write a java program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.
Write a java program to calculate sum of digits of a number.
Write a java program to calculate product of digits of a number.
Write a java program to enter a number and print its reverse.
Write a java program to find frequency of each digit in a given integer.
Write a java program to enter a number and print it in words.
Write a java program to print all ASCII character with their values.
Write a java program to find power of a number using for loop.
Write a java program to find all factors of a number.
Write a java program to calculate factorial of a number.
Write a java program to check whether a number is Prime number or not.
Write a java program to print all Prime numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to find sum of all prime numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to find all prime factors of a number.
Write a java program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not.
Write a java program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to check whether a number is Perfect number or not.
Write a java program to print all Perfect numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to check whether a number is Strong number or not.
Write a java program to print all Strong numbers between 1 to n.
Write a java program to print Fibonacci series up to n terms